- Contest winner email script
+ Redirect for picture urls in old old format?


- Heart for picture like instead of star (also reposition somewhere better on picture page)

+ ArtManager contest page, show entries via Ajax

+ PMs: permalink / direct link from email

+ Approvals: finish thumbnail spinner refresh

+ Convert YouTube links to embeds

+ Site-Wide Contests / past contests listing

+ Sketcher

- Characters tab artwork

- Banner/tabs layout redesign?

+ Logging

+ Email notifications

- Contests box on artist pages

- Toolbox

- Favorite Artists box - sort by new pics

- Multiple search term support in search (Artists/Artwork)

- Alerts box on Dashboard: Admin messages?

- Reformat shadowboxed picture/character picker
        - Use 240px images, tiled

- Coloring Cave: remove/restore functionality; "Line Art Removed" view for withdrawn pics

- Keywords: multiple tags in search?

- Search for characters (including othercharacters); need this for "More" link from character page
        - Characters: "More" link, sort pics by date or popularity
        - Editing pictures: parse tags for character names, tag characters

- Rationalize 5 vs. 10 on random search; maybe make all fetches hard-coded to 10, or else make "count" work throughout (make sure count is limited)

- Close comments from bottom

- (?) When enabling/disabling an artist, update tag counts for all their pictures

- Page titles

- ajax_listartwork.jsp: Decide whether to echo the search terms with every "More" click or only show it at the top

- Search characters by name


+ Import banners from existing banner buttons

+ Folder move in dialog

+ New logo

+ Autoapprove artists need acknowledgment on pending page (shows pending pics but says they'll be inserted within 10 minutes, unless flagged)

+ Hide upload form while uploading

- JS error on approval page

+ Better feedback on completion of upload/delete/etc

+ Better feedback on completion of form-based ArtManager tabs (i.e. change prefs)

+ Notify on PMs

+ Canon character icons on picture page

+ PM notification on login box

+ Autocomplete on search artists

- Tagging characters should respect tagged_on, not delete the whole list, send notification emails and fill in notified_on

- Character tag logging/notification if tagged on initial upload (notify on insert?)

- Set lastupload on picture deletion

- Fix blank keywords (example: pictureid 640510)

+ Sound in Sketcher

+ Don't allow sending PMs to yourself

- Fix next-page links for character tagged lists

+ past AotM archive

- fix SWF display in Picture.jsp

- Tooltip class for just the things that need tooltips ("follow artist", "fave picture", etc)

- For the right side of the artist page: contests, Trading Tree offers, journals...?

+ Uploaded files not getting renamed?

- Contest deadlines (see Impano's PM)

+ Sketcher saying you're not logged in?

+ Add "-background white -alpha remove" to mogrify commands

- Create 240x9999 preview images for existing movie files

- "With Another Character" filter should only allow matches of characters tagged with this one

+ Change all usernames to match artist names

+ Email notifications on requests/ArtWall

- Email notifications on requests/ArtWall removal

+ Email notifications on comments

+ Email notifications on shouts

+ Add to newpics on insert

- "New picture" styling for picture tiles on artist page

+ New contest setup page

- Comment editing

- Migrate text fields to BBcode by converting old embedded escaped HTML to raw HTML, and preserving old text fields temporarily
        + Comments
        + Shouts
        - Bulletins
        + Picture titles
        + Artist descs
        - Artist banner text/banner min

- Shorten parsed URLs

+ Show tags in picture box

+
it would also be kind of nice to have some site functionality options? like the picture previews when you hover
over a picture really gets in the way for me and it would be nice having an option to disable that. i also kind
of miss having it where when you click on a picture it would load it in a different window or tab or something.
when youre looking through a whole list of new submissions to look at its kind of unproductive to have to load
a page, go back, and load another. maybe its just that doing this or right clicking and opening in a new tab
for every picture bugs me, but an option or 2 would be nice.

theres also a bug ive encountered in the watched and unviewed tab where it doesnt show you all the pictures
when you consecutively click the more tab as you go through them. and example would be like if i had 20 new
submissions and i got through the 1st 10, and when i would click "more" it would say "no results" and i
would have to refresh to see the other ten. i dont think the "newest by favorite artists" tab has this
problem, and when you click on a picture and it takes you to that page when you click back you dont lose
your spot from where you were looking at pictures from, so i wouldnt think that the "watched and unviewed"
tab would be needed at all if there were just some way to differentiate pictures that you have and havent
viewed while in the "newest by favorite artists" tab (like a different colored post background r something).

+
also in the unread comments sections it also shows your own comments in there when youve replied to someone,
which i think is pretty unnecessary and honestly gets my hopes up that someone else had commented :^(

+
theres another issue in the artmanager that when youre uploading multiple pictures in a row on the page
after you uploaded the first picture and it shows you a new upload prompt, it only gives you the option
to post in your main folder.


Hi Brian, it's been a while since I was properly on the archive and everything changed so much! I was
wondering where do excepted icons go? I couldn't see any of them on my "art wall" so I was wondering if
they go somewhere different now. Thank you in advance!
Gracelessangel


TLK-TojoFan:

1.) Character/OC:

+ TODO: 1.1) Feature to allow us to set pictures of our OCs from our Artwalls.
 (Not everyone is an artist, example: somone may had their character drawn as request by someone else)

TODO: 1.2) Adding seperate OC tab to the characters category (This one would show only OCs or non-cannon
 characters that are sorted by popularity)

2.) More filters:

+ TODO: 2.1) Searching artwork by certain year or span of certain years 2006-2008 for example would be nice.

TODO: 2.2) Feature to add location tag to artwork(similiar to the character tag)

3.) Trading tree expansions:

TODO: 3.1) Adding Comission tab to the Trading tree dedicaded only for comissions
 (Lots of artists love selling their artwork such as Comissions
 and YCHs giving them a platform or a way to promote their skill and work is a good idea)

TODO: 3.2) Adding YCH tab to Trading tree(Many artists do YCH(Your character) art, example cub playing with
 Simba and artist adjusts that cub to look like OC of person that wants YCH art)
 This one could be implemented in a way that artist first uploads YCH example to the YCH tab
 and later artist posts YCH with actual finished OC on Artwall tab or Comission tab.)

4.) Other

TODO: 4.1) New Hall of fame category tab. This would show featured artwork and featured artists and make it more
 easily accessible. I really like fan art spotlight and I think that along with featured artist and artwork is
 one of finest additions that were added in TLKFAA.

TODO: 4.2) Ability to edit roars (Silly grammary mistakes happen)

TODO: 4.3) Ability to add 1 artwork to multiple folders.


TODO: First one is by "YouDitz" ability to favourite an artist when viewed from "Artwork>Newest" or
 Artwork>Top rated", etc, instead of only being able to favourite artists when clicking on artwork or
 their profile.

+ TODO: Last one is by "SavannahPrides" she noticed that when she views someone's OC info, for some reason
 gender is not shown, unlike species for example.

TODO: This will probably be the last batch of ideas from out group for a long while, we really can not
 come up with anything else and these 2 are the last features we can think of.

+ TODO: "Flag as Spam" on comments/shouts

+ TODO: New users must wait 3 days before being allowed to comment/shout

TODO: Background images / wallpaper for gallery (with light/dark translucent style for picture boxes etc)
